I will briefly explain what each function does and what their parameters mean in this file.
This script is used to plot waveforms of events and other meaningful histograms like the delta t between events and number of PMTs that fire given a entry interval. 
1. wfPlotting. Some parameters, including counter, eventTypeDict, timeDiff, lastTime, lastTrigger, deltaTLs, numPMT, targetTrigger, fireDistri, are used to carry specific values. They are created because of my horrible coding style, and I use them to record values when I need to run the function 'wfPlotting' several times in other functions later. The str parameter 'file' is the whole data file this script processes. Int parameter 'entryID' is the entry id of a entry that you are interested in. Boolean parameter 'plot' is used to tell the 'wfPlotting' if you want to plot the waveform of the entry 'entryID' or not. Str parameter 'mode' is used in later functions to perform more things with this 'wfPlotting' function.
   The default (by default I mean the parameter 'mode' equals empty string) thing this function can do is to plot the waveform of a given entryID. For example, you can plot the waveform of entryID=12345 by using wfPlotting(entryID=12345, plot=True). Three plots with be graphed. c0 is pmts and sipms with their layouts. c1 is pmts and sipms without their layouts. c2 is sipms with their layouts. The function 'wfPlotting' returns nothing in default. The other modes will be explained later in other functions.
2. countType. The two parameters 'start' and 'end' takes a start entryID and an end entryID. These two variables represent the same thing in other functions below. This function output the count of a specific type of trigger in the given entryID interval. This function loop through the entryIDs and use the mode 'count type' of wfPlotting function. In this mode, wfPlotting returns the same this countType returns. This function is bad. If you want to change the trigger type this function counts, change it under "elif mode=='count type':" in the wfPlotting function. 
3. sortEvents. It takes two entryIDs and output a text file that contains the dictionary of different trigger types. This function uses 'sort event' mode of wfPlotting, which takes an entryID and write it to a trigger key of the output dictionary.
4. deltaTAnalysis. In a given entryID interval, if two entries are next to each other (like entryID=19 and entryID=20) and they have different trigger types, the time between two entries will be written to a histogram. The histogram will then be saved as 'c4.png'. I just decided not to explain modes of wfPlotting any more because it seems obvious, and including it will make this readme long and tedious.
5. deltaTForTrigger. This function is a special version of deltaTAnalysis and takes another parameter 'trigger'. If two entries are next to each other and they have different trigger types and one of the trigger type equals the the parameter 'trigger', the time between two entries will be written to the histogram.
6. deltaTForEntry. Output histogram f"deltaT between {start} and all subsequent entries up to {end} that has different triggers from {start}"
7. numFire. The parameter 'mode' here in the function 'numFire' can be either 'PMT' or 'siPM'. Parameter 'graph' can be either 'histo' or 'bar' When mode=='PMT' and graph=='histo', this function graphs the number of PMTs that fire in a given interval with given trigger type and threshold. When mode=='PMT' and graph=='bar', this function graphs the distribution of PMTs that fire in a given interval with given trigger type and threshold. Things should be the same for mode=='siPM' except that we are looking at siPMs (I never tested siPMs). 
8. deltaTInEvent. The parameters 'start', 'end', 'threshold', 'trigger', 'mode' are used in similar ways as numFire function. Note that I revise the parameter 'trigger' a little bit. I defined a new trigger type (triggerBit[0]=-1) to refer to all trigger types. This function output the histogram of f'max deltaT in event for {trigger} trigger and threshold={threshold} in interval {start}-{end}'.
9. isRandomTrigger. This function takes a frozen set and return True is all values in the frozen set are in [2,32,34]. These are the trigger types Diana said to have totally random timings.
10. poissonFit.  If two entries are next to each other and they have different trigger types and their trigger types are both in [2,32,34] (trigger types with random timing), they will be written to the histogram. Then the very first bin should be excluded and a poisson curve should be fit on the histogram. I went through all the entries, and it is a bad fit...
11. poisson. Ignore it.
12. checkTime. I looped through all entries and check if there is triggerBit=10 or 18.
13. fastPoisson. Faster version of poissonFit. Uses parallel.
14. colorLayout. A function I used to plot colored layout of pmts according to the distribution of pmts triggered when triggerBit==2. I set the colors of each pmt manually because I don't know how to generalize this function to all triggerBits. the parameter 'mode' means nothing in this function. I planned to use either mode='pmt' or mode='sipm' to graph colored layout for either pmts or sipms. 
